working with people of different faith is is challenging for some, But
to me it's an opportunity. It's an opportunity to learn others, because
ultimately, when we're discussing truth and what we're discussing,
what we believe is the way it's, it's an opportunity for us to really
see the world through there. Their lens me, coming from a small
town in the Midwest is gonna have a different observation of what
life looks like than somebody from Southern California or from Bronx,
New York. And so it goes the same way with somebody else's faith.
And it just brings those opportunities and rich moments to really connect
with humankind much like they would have, maybe in biblical times.
For me, um, toe, look at people who speak different languages and
their cultures, and it's just an increase is that understanding of
God created people in all different shapes and sizes and beliefs and
ethnicities, and Lord, that's it's a beautiful thing